Hello X will come back.
We need to create a product schema so that we can pre-Chase the product and even seller could sell or
upload the product in this video we will create our schema which will be products schema.
So we go in and create a new file.
So it's a good visual studio and underneath models you file and you want to give a name product.
Yes.
So for groups
copy this
it is pretty straightforward.
We create a product schema the attributes our category owner Image title description price and time
creation category and only have different data type.
This time it is object id every object that is created will have an idea for.
So whenever you create a product you will always have this by default for example.
So yes I mean this.
So for example category whenever we create a new category so for example it's good to postman and this
is the idea right.
You can see this idea.
You want to copy this and then we want to store it in the category attributes which this so that we
know that this product belongs to this specific category which is cats.
So you will see and actually run.
Why do we need to store object id so that finally this really does for us.
After all these things have done then we export the products Kema and that's that.
In this video we created our schema which is Prolog schema in the next video we will create Amazon Web
Services account.
So I'll see you guys in the next video.